
#1It was the first day of our winter holiday. All of us were very
    happy. Why? Because we have one months to do things we love to do.
    We are free. Although we have some homework. But we can finish them
    in several days. And the rest time we can make good use of. My god!
    We have been very tired after hard studying. In winter holidays,
    I want to have full sleep and eat 
#2It was the second day of our winter holiday. I felt good. I felt
    I'm free. I had a lot of time to do things I like. My parents are
    in Beijing. So I live alone but I don't feel lonely. But I didn't
    do something special. I stayed at home and watched TV. Oh! I wrote
    an English daily composition. It was my homework. Today, I have slept
    for 14 hours. I thought I was 
#3It was the third day of our winter holiday. Today, there are many
    business in my mother's company. So my mother told me to help my
    uncle who is the manager of my mother's company. I sat in my mother's
    office and help her answer the telephone. While I was free, I was
    writing my homework. Although I also have a lot of time to do my
    homework, I still do it. Because in my moher's office, I had nothing
    to do. If I did nothing, I was wasting my time and my life. I can't
    do the foolish thing. 
#4It is a special day today. My mother sent one hundred basket of
    red bayberries. I like to eat red bayberries. It tastes nice. When
    they arrived in Shanghai, they were still fresh. But most of them
    would be sent to my mother's business friends. I chose the best basket
    of red bayberries to eat. I put the rest in my refrigerator. Red
    bayberry is my hometown's special 
#5Today, I still went to my mother's office. My mother was very busy,
    so was my father. They always live in Beijing. They must get up early.
    Because they will manage the factory. So I know they are very laborious.
    So I should save my money. Also I should help them. Although I can't
    do something useful, but I think I should share the work with them.
    I am one of my family 
#6I have rested for a week. I began to feel bored. So I went out with
    my friends. They are my best friends in the middle school. We didn't
    go to someplace special. We just saw the other. We had lunch together.
    While we were having lunch, we were still talking about the new school
    and new friends. Yes! A year later, we have grown riper. And we learned
    much more things 
#7I have stayed in Shanghai alone for a week. It's time for me to
    go to my real home¡ªit is in Beijing. My parents are waiting for
    me. Although outside is no matter how beautiful, Beijing is still
    my home. In fact, there is many fresh things. Like red bayberries.
    In the afternoon, I took a bus to Beijing. I was very unlucky that
    my mp3 was stolen. I was very sad. I 
#8When I got home, it was very dark. Why? There is no electric. Every
    year in Beijing, there is lack of electric to supply. Because there
    are a lot of factories. And it is very cold in winter. So the government
    decided: supply electric to resident and the factories must stop
    working. My house is in the manufacturing district. I was unlucky.
    It was very cold. So my father 
#9It was cooler than yesterday. One of my father's friends invited
    me to eat red bayberries. You must know it is unusual. Because we
    will climb the hill to eat red bayberries. There is no chance to
    eat red bayberries in the hill for the people who don't live in Beijing.
    On the hill, you can breathe the fresh air, you can listen birds
    singing and you can eat red 
#10Today I found time was a cruel thing. Whatever man is, time always
    goes on. It won't stay to wait for somebody. You can't use anything
    to exchange time. Time is also a fair thing. Although you have a
    lot of money or you enjoy high reputation, time won't leave them
    more. Today I found I hadn't enough time. Although I have 50-day
    holiday, but I found I had a lot of 
#11I have rested for 10 days. In these days, I felt very bored. I
    didn't know to do what. Although I had a lot of things to do, I felt
    uncomfortable. I was ill because of the cold weather. I was tired,
    sleepy and had no strength. My parents are worried about my health.
    in fact, it didn't matter. I was always in the room with air-conditioner
    and opened it in a low 
#12Today, when I awaked up, I found the air-conditioner didn't work.
    I used the control, but it still didn't work. I knew the air-conditioner
    was in trouble. I went downstairs. My father told me two air-conditioner
    and two computer had been broken. Because my father used electric
    making machine to make electric, so the voltage was not stable. It
    led to the 
#13It doesn't matter that the air-conditioner has been broken. But
    my notebook-computer also was broken. I really don't know what to
    do. So I went to play basketball. I didn't know any one in that place.
    And I was the first time to go there to play basketball. At first,
    there was no person playing basketball. So I played basketball alone.
    A few minutes later, some 
#14No computer, I will not know to do what. I have no solution to
    the problem. So I sent my notebook-computer to the Asus computer
    company. I must have my computer repaired. And the other one, it
    was thoroughly broken. It can't be repaired again.The computer company
    told me that my notebook computer needed one week to repair. The
    electric led to all trouble. And 
#15I have lost two computers, but I had another one. I bought it about
    five years ago. It can be called curio. Though it was old. But it
    can still work. Although it works slowly, I was pleased. I can go
    on internet again. Chatting with my friends is a good relaxing. In
    the internet, one of my old friends invited me to tomorrow's party.
    He told me that some friends would 
#16It was sunny today. I was excited. I got up at a quarter to seven.
    I made a appointment to meet at nine o'clock. After I had my breakfast,
    I went to the city center of Beijing. It was cold outside. When I
    arrived, my friends didn't arrive. I waited for him in front of the
    KFC's door. I haven't seen them for a year. And in a year, we didn't
    come into contact with 
#17Yesterday we played happily, but there were only ten people. I
    remembered last year there were twenty-two people at all. I heard
    some my friends had gone abroad. They went abroad to study. Maybe
    I couldn't see them in the future. I think next year we won't make
    a party. Next year is a very important year. We all will prepare
    for the college entrance examination. It is 
# 